#SF Pricing trend in last decade

###Messaging. What is the message you are trying to communicate with the narrative visualization?


Housing data visualization shows the information about prices in last decade (2009-2019). User can choose to view landmarks and schools to correlate with the price per sqft. 
This will give the information about the distribution of type of homes in user selected area and also display the bar chart that shows the price trend in last decade. 




###NARRATIVE STRUCTURE:


Narrative structure is following interactive slide show and user can interact on final page with map, slider. User lands on the first page to see the intro or getting to know what they will view. A summary section is displayed next that gives the information about the house price trend visulization tool and its usage. Third and final slide is mainly giving the option to user to drill-down into the San Francisco bay area map and get information about the area, price, house type distribution. User can click on the buttons to plot the landmarks & schools in the area.



###SCENES:


The first scene shows the intro about the narrative where the picture indicates that it is about house price trend and the title mentions about the area viz. San Francisco. Next slide talk about the parameters, triggers in the next scene and how they can be used. Final screen shows up the map of San Francisco that shows up the price for 2009 as default, provides the options to user to navigate through the years that will indicate the price trend. User can plot the landmarks and schools through the buttons or click on the map to view the donut/pie chart indicating housing type and shows bar chart indicating pricing trend for that area with price/sqft on y-axis and year on x-axis. 




###ANNOTATIONS:


Annotations are mainly tooltips that appear on mouse-over action. This is available on map, on landmark circles, school circles.



###PARAMETERS:

SVG dimensions, ranges, X-axis and Y-axis on bar graph, color modulation, circle on maps. These parameters change corresponding to the user selection.



###TRIGGERS:


Triggers are present on the final screen where on-click action is present on San Francisco map that will zoom in the area and display the donut/pie chart and bar chart. The trigger is present on the bottom of the page where button is displayed to plot the landmarks on the map. Another button can be clicked to display school information on the map. 
Slider is present on the top of page that will allow user to navigate through the years and view the prices for each area that can be viewed through tooltip. The color also indicates the change in price where blue to red modulation indicates price increase. 


